In this section, we are going to discuss the Fibonacci series algorithm.
The problem is that we are going to get a number from the user and playing Fibonacci series numbers
until the enter number.
When the program is executed, it will ask for a number like this.
It will display enter a number.
For example, the user enters hundred here.
It means that it should display the Fibonacci numbers less than 100.
So in this case, the output will be like this.
So it will go till 89.
Let's try to find the solution for this program.
The first question is what is a Fibonacci series?
A Fibonacci is a series of numbers in which each number is the sum of two preceding numbers.
Here.
In this case, zero and one are the beginning.
Then the next one is sum of zero and one.
Then two is some of previous two numbers.
That is one plus one, two.
Once we have two, that means the previous two numbers we have are two and one.
So the sum will be two plus one.
That is three.
And this goes on until the limit we decide.
Let's try to understand the solution.
Using the pseudocode.
Here we are taking a variable called limit where the user is going to enter the end limit for the series.
We are also taking two values here.
That is E, which is the first value zero and the second B, which will be one.
We are also taking one more variable, which is the Fibonacci number.
We are going to store that is previous two numbers.
Some will be stored in this variable F and because we want to print zero and one from the beginning,
here we are writing a logic where we are directly printing the value of E, so here the output will
be print.
That means the zero value is displayed.
Now we are putting a loop where we decide that unless F reaches a limit, it should keep on repeating
a process.
The first thing we are doing here is we are printing value of F and so the output because we have initialized
F an is equal to a plus B that is zero plus one F and will have value one only.
So that will be the output.
So now the output is zero one.
The next thing is we need to change the value of Effen because we are going to add previous two numbers.
So that is zero plus one.
So Effen we are writing A plus B, so now our friends value is one again.
Then we need to change the value of E.
We are assigning value of B here.
So we will have one now and we need to have the newer value, which is the sum of previous two values,
and that we have stored in a variable called F and we are assigning B is equal to F and this means now
it has value one and B also has one.
Again, it will go to print the value of F in which is still one.
So again, the output will be one.
So print F in will print value.
That is one again.
Now our friend is equal to A-plus.
B, both A and B are one and one, so that will be two.
So F in will have two.
Now again, we are changing the value of A by B, so Ariel, how value one and B will have the newer
value which is in F and that is two.
Now when we go to the print statement, it is going to print value to here.
Again, Afin is equal to A-plus beat.
That is is one and B is two.
So F will have three.
We are changing the value of E by B, so it will have now two and B will have the value of F and that
is three.
Again, it will go to print and it will print the value.
Often that is three.
So now we have it is equal to two and B is equal to three.
So FN will have five in it.
Again, we are changing the previous values that is eight and B both by changing the newer value of
B and FN to F in has value five.
So that also gets printed on the screen.
This is how we repeat a process.
We try to add to preceding numbers to get the new Fibonacci series number.
Now let's try to do the coding for the same thing.
First thing, we are going to take a variable limit where we are going to get the input from the user.
Of course we need to convert it into integer.
We are also taking variable E that is zero and B equals to one.
The next thing we are taking the variable F in for the Fibonacci value and that we are keeping a plus
B.
Of course we display the value of A from the beginning.
That is also one more logic where A and B are displayed, but there are different approaches to achieve
the same thing.
Now we are taking a loop here where the condition is that until effort is less than limited, repeat
this process, the process where we're going to print the value of effin will, say AFN is equal to
A-plus b.
Of course, is equal to B and B is equal to F in.
Let's try to run this call and see what is the output, as you can see now.
So asking for a limit number.
So we enter 50 here.
That means it's going to display all the numbers which are under 50.
So this will go till 34.
Let's try to run this code again and we enter the number hundred.
As you can see, the output.
The Fibonacci series is repeated till value 89.
So this is how we can achieve the Fibonacci cities.